you
hey guys thanks so much for joining me
today I have an absolute rave review i'm
so excited about this my elf haul /
unboxing is already up so I've already
been using my products and testing
things out and it's only been maybe like
a week yeah it's been about a week since
I actually got the package so I've only
been using things for about a week but
when you love a product you know you
love a product and I'm talking about the
elf HD lifting concealer this stuff is
absolutely phenomenal I'm using it in
conjunction with the elf high definition
under I setting powder so basically
these two products right here or the
bomb com I I can't even tell you how
thrilled I am with ease now the HD
lifting concealer it's so creamy and so
I just don't even know how to explain is
creamy it doesn't settle into my lines
it doesn't cake up it doesn't oxidize
it's perfect and I heard I mean not
heard but I saw a couple videos where
some people were comparing it to the
NARS creamy concealer which I don't have
so I can't compare it to that but I
can't tell you that I have an extremely
difficult time wearing under eye
concealer because I have lupus and one
of the things that affects is my under
eye area and it gets really dry and
irritated and it gets like this little
rash underneath right under my eye area
so both of my eyes get really dry and
just do little not like a rash like a
full-blown rush but they are like little
red irritated patches of dry skin under
my so I have not been able to wear under
eye concealer for the longest time
basically and it's so upsetting because
i have really dark under eye circles and
they need to be covered so i used this
the first day i used it i knew right
away that and i loved it because I wore
it the first day I wore I had it on for
like a total of six hours
it by the end of the six hours it still
looked exactly as if I had just put on
nothing had changed this stuff right
here really does set it in and hold it I
mean I can't even be any more clear
about how phenomenal this was for me now
everybody's different it's not going to
work for everybody I'm going to tell you
one thing when you do put this stuff on
like I put it on you'll see the demo but
I put it on in like a checkmark shape
under my eye you know working in with my
finger both my eyes while it is you know
when you first get it on it's still a
really wet creamy consistency and it
stays that way pretty much until I put
this on which I put this on almost
immediately so I don't know if
eventually it dries down or what I
haven't waited to see because I put my
concealer on both my eyes and then I put
this on right away but it is like a wet
creamy consistency so it would be really
good for anybody that's got a really dry
or normal under eye area I wouldn't
suggest it for people with oily eyes
although people with all the eyes might
use this and it'd be just one so I don't
know everybody's different I'm just
telling you how it's working for me and
how much I love it and that's it I just
love it that much so yeah these two
products so far absolutely love them to
get and then I've been using this brush
this is a Sonia Kashuk brush it's
supposed to be like a crease brush but
it's huge it's like bigger than my whole
I so i've been using that to put this
under I powder on you know just kind of
dabbing it on under my eyes like that
and that's how I put it on yes that's it
that's all I have to say now I do have a
demo coming up of how I apply this and
put the under eye why am I using this as
a pointer I'm not an opera conductor I
have a demo coming up how I put this on
and all that good jazz so stay tuned if
you want to watch the demo if not the
video is pretty much over so i will see
you guys in my next video bye bye
alright guys that was it for the demo
and my rambling review I hope you guys
enjoyed it oh one last thing I do want
to address with the under-eye setting
powder because when I read the reviews
there were some people complaining about
it because there is some glittery
sparkles in this I know you're not going
to be able to see them on my camera
because it's retarded but there is some
like glittery sparkles in this they're
like little purple like little
multicolored sparkles it's not like
really hard full on glitter chunks there
it's very finely milled it feels exactly
like the regular HD powder extend the
only difference is it has that little
bit of shimmer in it but when you
actually put it on your under eye area
it's not like full-blown glitter face as
you can see on my under eye I'm not
sparkling under there it doesn't really
translate to the to the face when you're
putting it on when you look up close yes
you can see a tiny tiny bit of the
sparkle but it's not full on like poof
you got sprinkled in the face with
glitter it's it's not noticeable at all
so if any of you were worried about that
because I know when I first heard the
views I was thinking mmm I don't really
want glitter on my under eyes it's not
like that all this stuff's phenomenal
phenomenal is like my new word sorry if
I've said a million times this stuff's
amazing you will love it I love it it's
only three dollars why not give it a try
so is this this is only three dollars
three dollars for both what do you got
to lose give it a try see if you love it
as much as I do if you do try it and
love it let me know in the comments
below or if you've already tried it and
loved it let me know in the comments
below that's it that's all I got I'll
see you guys in my next video bye